R1 (PF1262): A high power (20W) resistor. The value would be set at 0.5 Ohms. This is
because the max current that should be going through it is 5A (2.5A repetetive  [80% 
on per 10ms] through each channel). The ideal value would be 0.72 Ohms. Since that is
not a standard value, 0.5 Ohms is probably best since it captures the all current values.

On the current sensor output, may need a large resistor to limit current into the STMF0
but the STMF0 has high impedance input, so it may be fine as is.

Changed the diodes from being in series with the L298 to being in parallel (and with a 
10k resistor to limit current). These are used to indicate the state of the motor inputs.

Fixed the flyback diodes (and changed their direction to try and make it more 
readable).

On the capacitors, they are at 200nF. This is because the L298 has a suggested 
capacitor value of 100nF. With the LEDs and other components, I upped it up to 220nF.

Separated the analog and digital pin headers. Might be able to connect the +6V/GND 
header to the current voltage sensor since they're all analog, but I'm not sure on that, 
so I'm keeping them separate, just in case.

On the temperature sensor, the inputs/outputs should be tied to the pullup resistor 
correctly. Using the O.S. (interrupt pin) so I can use it if I can/want to for when the
current sensor resistor or L298 get too hot.

Originally had a BJT and op amp for a current limiter. Remembered about TVS 
diodes today and realized that it would probably work better. It would also be 
easier to test and take out of the final circuit since it's just in parallel with the 
sense resistor. Would need to find a TVS with a break down voltage of about 
2.5 or 3 volts and simulate it in a program such as PSpice. There is also a picture 
of the voltage and current waveform from testing a TVS is just found really 
quick. The red signal is the input to the circuit, blue is the voltage across the TVS, 
and green is the current through the TVS. This solution would allow current to 
continue to flow once the cut off is reached, as well.
(TVS = transient voltage suppressor)

I also cleared up some of the power wires to try and make the schematic more 
readable. The connections are now made by labelling the nodes and putting
the power symbol. (Not sure which would be better, or if they're the same in 
KiCad [not sure if node labelling works the same as in other simulation 
programs. Would assume that it does], so I put both methods, just in case).